#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras
#
alembic==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
authlib==1.2.1
    # via flask-multipass
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-multipass
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-caching
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-url-map-serializer
cryptography==41.0.6
    # via authlib
faker==20.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-multipass
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-url-map-serializer
flask-caching==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-multipass==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-url-map-serializer==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
icalendar==5.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via flask
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
mako==1.3.0
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   webargs
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   webargs
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   icalendar
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   icalendar
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-multipass
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
webargs==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
xlsxwriter==3.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
